Hi, Mystery Recapped here. Today I’m going
to explain an action-adventure fantasy film
called “D-War,” Spoilers ahead!
Watch out and take care!
At the beginning of the movie, a voice narrates
that many people think the time of dragons
is over, but in reality, it has only just begun.
Every five hundred years, a woman with a mystical
spirit power is born. She has the ability to
turn a serpent into the mightiest dragon of
all. The nature of the serpent will define the
fate of the world, as a good serpent will use
its power to protect the universe, but an
evil one will use it to destroy the world.
The voice concludes by saying that now is
the time for the spirit to be awakened.
The scene cuts to an accident site in Los Angeles.
A massive dent has been formed on the ground,
and the cause is unknown. A man being
escorted out yells that a beast has risen.
Several police officers investigate the place,
trying to collect evidence. A reporter named Ethan
Kendrick arrives at the site and shoots a video
of a scale-like pattern on the ground. Ethan is
now back in his office, but cannot stop looking at
the scale. It reminds him of a story his mentor,
Jack, told him fifteen years ago when he
was just a kid. Ethan’s father once took
Ethan to an antique shop that belonged to a man
named Jack. There, he had seen the same scale
and a strange light coming from inside a box.
Smoke from inside the box washes over Ethan,
and Jack realizes what is happening.
He fakes a heart attack and sends Ethan’s father
away to get medicines to talk to Ethan alone.
Jack then tells Ethan about the legend of Imoogi.
Imoogi, which translates to dragon in English,
are mystical creatures who lived in heaven
with their followers. Every five hundred years,
one Imoogi is rewarded for their good deeds with
a chance to become a celestial dragon, a dragon
more powerful than all others. But for that,
the Imoogi will have to receive the gift of Yuh
Yi Joo from the heavens. Five hundred years ago, a
similar opportunity was provided to the serpents.
But among them was an evil Imoogi named Buraki
who wanted to possess Yuh Yi Joo for himself so he
could spread his evil to the world. Heaven didn’t
want to give Buraki such powers, so they sent
Yuh Yi Joo to the earth. Back in 1057, Yuh Yi Joo
landed in a small village in Korea. Heaven then
sent its best warriors, Bochum and his student
Haram, to protect the Yuh Yi Joo from Buraki.
However, the evil Buraki wouldn't back down until
he got Yuh Yi Joo. A girl named Narin
was born with a tattoo on her shoulder,
which meant that she was chosen to withhold Yuh
Yi Joo. When Narin turned twenty, the Yuh Yi Joo
inside her would be completely formed. From an
early age, the protector of Yuh Yi Joo, Bochum,
trained Haram to protect Narin and taught him
everything he needed to know about Imoogi.
He gave Haram a medallion that would protect him
as Narin’s savior. Eventually, Haram and Narin
fell in love with each other. The day she turned
twenty, their village was attacked by an army
sent by Buraki to abduct Narin. They destroyed the
whole village and killed whoever got in their way.
The soldiers then checked every girls’ shoulder
to look for the mark and found Narin. They
abducted her, but Haram came to her rescue and
managed to take her away to a waterfall.
Bochum ran to the waterfall to find Haram’s
medallion on the ground. Narin and Haram had
run away together. Enraged and desperate to get
the Yuh Yi Joo, the evil Buraki pursued them
himself. The two reached a cliff and were about to
get caught. They jumped off the cliff, committing
suicide, leaving Buraki to wait for another five
hundred years for Yuh Yi Joo to be born.
After telling the story, Jack shows Ethan a
mark on his arm, claiming that he is Bochum’s
reincarnation and Ethan is Haram’s reincarnation.
He then hands Ethan the same medallion and tells
him to always keep it near. The girl with Yuh
Yi Joo has already been sent to the earth and
is named Sarah. They have to find and save
her from Buraki in this life as well.
Back in the present, Ethan is still in his
office. He asks his colleague named Bruce
to look for a girl named Sarah, who was
born with a dragon tattoo on her shoulder.
Bruce laughs saying that there are thousands of
Sarah in LA. The scene cuts to Sarah exercising
in a gym. She and her friend watch the news
and see Ethan reporting about the scale
that was found that morning. The news unsettles
Sarah, so she quickly rushes out of the gym.
Meanwhile, Agent Frank Pinsky, who is
investigating the finding of the scale,
goes to meet a scientist studying it. They have
found out that the scale is harder than diamond
and seems to be of an ancient reptile. No one
has ever seen such a substance before, so they
do not have much idea about its origin.
Sarah has an unsettling feeling and feels like
her life's in danger. Her friend Brandy assumes
the news from earlier just got into Sarah’s head
and invites her to go out. At night,
three thugs harass Sarah on the streets.
Jack arrives there and knocks the thugs
out in mere seconds before leaving.
Somewhere else in a zoo, a zookeeper comes across
the evil Imoogi Buraki throwing an elephant in the
air. A strange man in black clothing watches from
afar. The scared zookeeper is left speechless.
Sarah is now at the police station, explaining how
the thugs were knocked out. A reporter clicks her
picture to cover the story. The reporter
happens to be one of Ethan’s colleagues.
Ethan gets a look at the picture of Sarah and
sees the tattoo on her shoulders. He has finally
found the girl who bears the Yuh Yi Joo.
At night, Sarah dreams of someone trying to kill
her. When she wakes up, she is troubled by a pain
in her chest, so she calls 911, paramedics escort
her to a hospital. Her friend Brandy and her
boyfriend go to Sarah’s home to pack her clothes
and bring them to the hospital, but they come
across the giant serpent, Buraki. He kills Brandy
in one go and continues searching for Sarah. The
man from earlier who happens to be the general
of Buraki’s soldiers is there too. The following
day, Ethan and Bruce go to Sarah’s house, which is
being investigated for Brandy’s murder. They find
out about her being in a hospital and go to meet
her. Ethan finally meets Sarah and tells her he
is there to help. But as they talk, Buraki circles
the hospital looking for Sarah. Ethan and Bruce
manage to drive her away from the hospital but are
stopped by the general. However, a car driven by
Jack, who is disguised as a lady, saves them.
The FBI is investigating Buraki’s attack at
the hospital and finds out that the serpent
is looking for Sarah. Agent Frank is ordered
by his boss to kill the girl once he finds
her because it is the only way to stop Buraki.
Meanwhile, the general summons the army of Buraki
called the atrox army. It consists of historic
creatures like flying dragons and dawlers.
Jack drops Ethan and Sarah to a beach, from where
they go to Ethan’s psychologist friend's house.
The doctor hypnotizes Sarah and asks her about her
past life. Sarah remembers her life as Narin and
how she loved Haram. Suddenly a blue light shines
from within her, and she starts to float mid-air.
Ethan calms her down, but Buraki finds them there
as well. They get into a car and drive away, while
the massive serpent follows them. The two manage
to get away from it and call Bruce. They meet him
at a restaurant, where Bruce prepares a helicopter
for them so they can fly away somewhere safe. Jack
appears in front of Ethan and asks him to take
the girl to the waterfall where a good serpent can
get hold of the Yuh Yi Joo. But that would still
mean that Sarah would die, so Ethan denies it.
Suddenly, Buraki approaches the restaurant,
making Ethan and Sarah run for their lives.
It follows them around the city, destroying
everything that comes in its way. The duo manages
to get on the roof of a skyscraper, where they
board a helicopter. But before they can take off,
the massive serpent slithers up the building
and catches the helicopter in its mouth.
Ethan and Sarah jump back on the roof as
the helicopter goes flying on the ground
and explodes. The officials have concluded the
situation as an emergency and sent several army
choppers to fight Buraki. As the choppers fire
at the creature, Ethan and Sarah run away.
The army choppers somehow get the beast off the
building but are then attacked by the atrox army.
A fleet of dragons attacks the
soldiers and soon overpowers them.
Massive army tanks fight the crowd of dawdlers
but are no match to the creatures. Agent Frank
and his associate Campbell finally find Sarah and
Ethan, and take them to a safe building. However,
when they reach there, Frank points his gun
at Sarah. He has been ordered to kill her
to stop the chaos. Campbell shoots Frank dead
before he can kill Sarah. He believes that only
Sarah can stop the Buraki from coming back every
five hundred years. The duo then gets in a car and
drives away from the city in hopes of escaping,
but the atrox army finds them. They are eventually
abducted and brought to Buraki’s hiding.
Ethan is tied to a pole while Sarah is laid
for Buraki to consume the Yuh Yi Joo in her. They
are surrounded by the atrox army and have no way
to escape now. The general summons Buraki,
who approaches Sarah to get the Yuh Yi Joo.
But suddenly, a light flashes upon Ethan’s
medallion. The medallion’s power is released,
which lets out a strong force killing the whole
atrox army and burning them to dust. But the
general and Buraki are left unharmed. The general
strikes at Ethan, and an electric force coming out
of the medallion kills him too. Now, an angered
Buraki attacks the two but is restrained by a
good Imoogi sent from heaven. The two serpents
get into an intense battle slithering around one
another. They match in strength and abilities,
but Buraki manages to knock out the good Imoogi
and approaches Sarah again. Seeing someone as
powerful as the good Imoogi being defeated,
Sarah has no hope left. She finally accepts
her fate and approaches Buraki. A bright
light shines from her tattoo and creates a magical
floating sphere. The sphere is the Yuh Yi Joo.
Before Buraki can consume the sphere, Sarah, who
can control it, throws it towards the good Imoogi.
The good Imoogi consumes it and turns into
the mighty dragon that Buraki wished to be.
Sarah falls unconscious to the ground.
After transforming into the dragon,
the good Imoogi is a thousand times more powerful
than Buraki. It strikes at Buraki and throws it
to the ground easily. The dragon then tries to go
back to heaven, but Buraki latches onto its tail.
The dragon attacks it with fire and finally kills
the beast. It then approaches Ethan holding Sarah,
and throws out Yuh Yi Joo from its mouth. Sarah’s
body turns into a magical smoke and forms the
shape of her eternal self. She tells Ethan that
they will meet again someday and gets sucked into
Yuh Yi Joo. The mighty dragon consumes the
Yuh Yi Joo and flies away to heaven.
Subscribe for more videos like this,
turn on notifications, and leave a like
to help the channel out.
Thank you for watching.